docs: networks guide update (#1859)
ApeWorX/ape: docs/userguides/networks.md

Networks are part of ecosystems and typically defined in plugins.
For example, the `ape-ethereum` plugin comes with Ape and can be used for handling EVM-like behavior.

## Selecting a Network

Before discussing how to add custom networks or install L2 network plugins, you need to know how to specify the network choice.
No matter what type of network you are using in Ape, you specify the network using a "network choice" triplet value:

```python

> "<ecosystem-name>:<network-name>:<provider-name"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"<ecosystem-name>:<network-name>:<provider-name>"
```

```

> Where `ecosystem-name` refers to the ecosystem, e.g. `ethereum`, `polygon`, `fantom`, or something completely unheard of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where `ecosystem-name` refers to the ecosystem, e.g. `ethereum`, `polygon`, `fantom`, or any valid ecosystem plugin name.
```

> The `network-name` refers to a network such as `mainnet`, `local`, or something else.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `network-name` refers to a network such as `mainnet`, `local`, or something else defined by your ecosystem or custom network config.
```

4. Revert messages and exception-handling differences.
5. You can handle chain differences such as different transaction types in Arbitrum, non-EVM chains and behaviors like Starknet.

### Configure Custom Networks

To re-use and save custom network configurations, add them to an `ape-config.yaml` file, likely in your root `$HOME/.ape` directory so networks can be used globally across projects.
Here is an example of configuring custom networks:

```yaml
networks:
  custom:
    - name: chainnet
      chain_id: 95959595959595959  # Required when using custom networks this way.

>       ecosystem: polygon  # Default is Ethereum-like behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ecosystem: polygon  # the custom network will use this ecosystem plugin for it's operation
```

    default_provider: <provider-name>
```

> As mentioned \[extensively above\](#L2 Networks), ecosystems and networks typically come from plugins and their names and values are defined in those plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned \[above\](#L2 Networks), ecosystems and networks typically come from plugins and their names and values are defined in those plugins.
```
